# cxbtransport
# This repository is used to study the role of 3-wheeled transport in Cox's Bazar, Bangladesh. 
# Cox’s Bazar is located (details). The primary generator of income for the residents of Cox’s Bazar is domestic tourism from Dhaka, Chittagong and other cities in Bangladesh.  While other industries contribute towards the overall GDP, including (data), tourism is by far (data) the most significant contributor of wealth. 
# The city grew between 2007 and 2017 at a steady pace (data). But between 2017 and 2021 the growth has been far greater than the growth experienced in other parts of the country (data). This spectacular growth has been driven by two factors: A) the arrival of organisations focussed on supplying humanitarian services to the forcibly displaced Rohigha refugees, and B) the increase in domestic tourism. These two factors have driven investment in the building of hotels, the opening of hospitality services  and the establishment of a fleet of transport vehicles. The impact of factor A remains to be seen as the governments, national and foreign, make strategic decisions on the next set of responses to the humanitarian crisis. While cash for humanitarian services is likely to continue to flow into the city, the overall volume of investment is likely to decrease. The impact of factor B will certainly intensify as the city continues to grow to tolerate the influx of even more tourists. The Government of Bangladesh has also determined that the region surrounding Cox’s Bazar will become an eco tourist zone with significant investments in transport (data), infrastructure (data) and housing (data). The future of Cox’s Bazar remains to be seen. 

